Support mutable state by stashing commands while storing snapshot, #25740 (#26274)
akka/akka: akka-docs/src/main/paradox/typed/persistence.md

When an event has been persisted successfully the new state is created by applying the event to the current state with the `eventHandler`.

> The state is typically immutable and then the event handler returns a new instance of the state. If the state is

Reviewer: I'd clarify this. If it is immutable 
```suggestion
The state is immutable, the event handler returns a new instance of the state. If the state is
```
And clarify when or why state is not immutable.

mutable the event handler may update the state instance and return the same instance.

The same event handler is also used when the entity is started up to recover its state from the stored events.

> The event handler should only update the state and it mustn't perform side effects, as those would also be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The event handler should only update the state and never perform side effects, as those would also be
```

> an persistent actor

Reviewer 2: Should this sentence have stronger wording about not doing side effects?

Author: rephrase
